index.md, before:

# octopusR

octopusR is an R package that provides access to the [Octopus Energy
REST API](https://developer.octopus.energy/rest). With octopusR, you can
easily retrieve data from the Octopus Energy API and use it in your R
projects, or Shiny dashboards.

If you find this package useful, why not [sponsor me on
GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/Moohan) or sign up for an Octopus
Energy account with [my referral code
(jolly-bloom-201)](https://share.octopus.energy/jolly-bloom-201)!

## Installation

octopusR can be installed from CRAN.

``` r
install.packages("octopusR")
```

If you would like the development version, it can be installed from
GitHub, using the [remotes](https://remotes.r-lib.org) package:

``` r
# Install remotes if needed
if (!require("remotes")) install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("moohan/octopusR")
```

## Usage

To use most functions in octopusR, you will need an API key from Octopus
Energy, you can find this on the [developer
dashboard](https://octopus.energy/dashboard/developer/). Once you have
your API key, you can use
[`set_api_key()`](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/reference/set_api_key.md)
to interactively input and store the API key for the session:

``` r
library(octopusR)

# Set your API key
set_api_key()
```

Once you have authenticated with the API, you may also want to set your
electric and/or gas meter details.

``` r
# Set details for your electricity meter
set_meter_details(meter_type = "electricity")

# Set details for your gas meter
set_meter_details(meter_type = "gas")
```

You can use the other functions in the package to interact with the API.
For example, you can use the
[`get_consumption()`](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/reference/get_consumption.md)
function to retrieve data about your energy usage:

``` r
# Get data about your energy usage
energy_usage <- get_consumption(meter_type = "elec")
#> ℹ Returning 100 rows only as a date range wasn't provided.
#> ✔ Specify a date range with `period_to` and `period_from`.

# View the data
head(energy_usage)
#> # A tibble: 0 × 0
```

For more information and examples, see the [package
documentation](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/) and the [Octopus
Energy API documentation](https://developer.octopus.energy/docs/api/).

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving octopusR, or if you have found a
bug, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Moohan/octopusR/issues).
Contributions in the form of pull requests are also welcome. See the
[guide to
contributing](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/CONTRIBUTING.html) for
more details.

### Code of Conduct

Please note that the octopusR project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

octopusR is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more
information.

Commit message:

Deploying to gh-pages from @ Moohan/octopusR@754ff3a6161645e54b1f7763cbc3dc90e501f4a1 🚀

index.md, after:

# octopusR

octopusR is an R package that provides access to the [Octopus Energy
REST API](https://developer.octopus.energy/rest). With octopusR, you can
easily retrieve data from the Octopus Energy API and use it in your R
projects, or Shiny dashboards.

If you find this package useful, why not [sponsor me on
GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/Moohan) or sign up for an Octopus
Energy account with [my referral code
(jolly-bloom-201)](https://share.octopus.energy/jolly-bloom-201)!

## Installation

octopusR can be installed from CRAN.

``` r
install.packages("octopusR")
```

If you would like the development version, it can be installed from
GitHub, using the [remotes](https://remotes.r-lib.org) package:

``` r
# Install remotes if needed
if (!require("remotes")) install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("moohan/octopusR")
```

## Usage

To use most functions in octopusR, you will need an API key from Octopus
Energy, you can find this on the [developer
dashboard](https://octopus.energy/dashboard/developer/). Once you have
your API key, you can use
[`set_api_key()`](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/reference/set_api_key.md)
to interactively input and store the API key for the session:

``` r
library(octopusR)

# Set your API key
set_api_key()
```

Once you have authenticated with the API, you may also want to set your
electric and/or gas meter details.

``` r
# Set details for your electricity meter
set_meter_details(meter_type = "electricity")

# Set details for your gas meter
set_meter_details(meter_type = "gas")

# For users with solar panels or export generation:
# Set separate import and export electricity meters
set_meter_details(meter_type = "electricity", direction = "import")
set_meter_details(meter_type = "electricity", direction = "export")
```

## Import and Export Meters

octopusR supports distinguishing between import and export meters for
users with solar panels or other generation sources:

``` r
# Get import consumption (energy from grid)
import_data <- get_consumption(meter_type = "electricity", direction = "import")

# Get export consumption (energy to grid) 
export_data <- get_consumption(meter_type = "electricity", direction = "export")

# Combine import and export data with net consumption
combined_data <- combine_consumption(
  period_from = "2023-01-01",
  period_to = "2023-01-31"
)
```

The `combine_consumption()` function provides columns for: -
`import_consumption`: Energy imported from the grid -
`export_consumption`: Energy exported to the grid  
- `net_consumption`: Net energy consumption (import - export)

You can use the other functions in the package to interact with the API.
For example, you can use the
[`get_consumption()`](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/reference/get_consumption.md)
function to retrieve data about your energy usage:

``` r
# Get data about your energy usage
energy_usage <- get_consumption(meter_type = "elec")
#> ℹ Returning 100 rows only as a date range wasn't provided.
#> ✔ Specify a date range with `period_to` and `period_from`.

# View the data
head(energy_usage)
#> # A tibble: 0 × 0
```

For more information and examples, see the [package
documentation](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/) and the [Octopus
Energy API documentation](https://developer.octopus.energy/docs/api/).

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for improving octopusR, or if you have found a
bug, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Moohan/octopusR/issues).
Contributions in the form of pull requests are also welcome. See the
[guide to
contributing](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/CONTRIBUTING.html) for
more details.

### Code of Conduct

Please note that the octopusR project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://moohan.github.io/octopusR/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By
contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

octopusR is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more
information.
